(solemn piano music)
♪ Hold on ♪
♪ Don't be scared ♪
♪ You'll never change
what's been and gone ♪
♪ May your smile ♪
♪ Many your smile ♪
♪ Shine on ♪
♪ Don't be scared ♪
♪ Your destiny may keep you warm ♪
♪ 'Cause all of the
stars are fading away ♪
♪ Just try not to worry ♪
♪ You'll see them someday ♪
♪ Take what you need ♪
♪ And be on your way ♪
♪ And stop crying your heart out ♪
♪ Get up ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Why're you scared ♪
♪ I'm not scared ♪
♪ You'll never change
what's been and gone ♪
♪ 'Cause all of the
stars are fading away ♪
♪ Just try not to worry ♪
♪ You'll see them someday ♪
♪ Take what you need ♪
♪ And be on your way ♪
♪ And stop crying your heart out ♪
(light rock music)
♪ Ah ♪
♪ 'Cause all of the
stars are fading away ♪
♪ Just try not to worry ♪
♪ You'll see them someday ♪
♪ Just take what you need ♪
♪ And be on your way ♪
♪ And stop crying your heart out ♪
♪ We're all of the stars ♪
♪ We're fading away ♪
♪ Just try not to worry ♪
♪ You'll see us someday ♪
♪ Just take what you need ♪
♪ And be on your way ♪
♪ And stop crying your heart out ♪
♪ Stop crying your heart out ♪
(light rock music)